[DEVX-1807] Add saucectl docs for testApp on suite level (#1348)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/xcuitest.md

```
---

### `testApp`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> Set test application on suite level. See the full [usage](#testapp). If this field is not set, saucectl will pick the default `testApp` from [xcuitest](#xcuitest) level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the test application on the suite level. See the full [usage](#testapp). If this property is not set, `saucectl` will use the default `testApp` from [`xcuitest`](#xcuitest) level.
```
